Add reference diagnostics for errors and warnings related to function pointers (#53403)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/compiler-messages/delegate-function-pointer-diagnostics.md

---

> title: "Resolve errors and warnings related to delegate and function pointer declarations and uses"

Reviewer: The title is too long for SEO

> title: "Resolve errors and warnings related to delegate and function pointer declarations and uses"

Author: Shorten title:

```suggestion
title: "Resolve errors using delegates and function pointers"
```

description: "This article helps you diagnose and correct compiler errors and warnings related to delegate and function pointer declarations and uses"
f1_keywords:
  - "CS0059"
  - "CS0123"
  - "CS0148"
  - "CS0410"
  - "CS0644"
  - "CS1599"
  - "CS1958"
  - "CS8755"
  - "CS8756"
  - "CS8757"
  - "CS8758"
  - "CS8759"
  - "CS8786"
  - "CS8787"
  - "CS8788"
  - "CS8789"
  - "CS8806"
  - "CS8807"
  - "CS8808"
  - "CS8809"
  - "CS8811"
  - "CS8909"
  - "CS8911"
helpviewer_keywords:
  - "CS0059"
  - "CS0123"
  - "CS0148"
  - "CS0410"
  - "CS0644"
  - "CS1599"
  - "CS1958"
  - "CS8755"
  - "CS8756"
  - "CS8757"
  - "CS8758"
  - "CS8759"
  - "CS8786"
  - "CS8787"
  - "CS8788"
  - "CS8789"
  - "CS8806"
  - "CS8807"
  - "CS8808"
  - "CS8809"
  - "CS8811"
  - "CS8909"
  - "CS8911"
ms.date: 04/27/2026
ai-usage: ai-assisted
---

> # Resolve errors and warnings for delegate and function pointer declarations

Reviewer: On my display this wraps to 3 lines!

How about

```suggestion
# Resolve errors and warnings for delegate and function pointers
```
